hey guys Christian pot that come look
what we've got here today mussels
mussels yeah look who we got here we got
India with my sous-chef helping me today
yeah
mussels ma'am I love curry but mussels
I'm not a fan of that trust me we're
gonna be making a nice career you're
gonna be licking your lips when we're
done go give me that kind of finish my
little find out hahaha yeah guys so we
got the mussels and we've got some nice
coconut milk there and some lovely curry
powder out of the Caribbean Caribbean
sunshine scotch bonnet pepper we're
doing a lovely coconut curried muscle so
as we've done in the past one we're
making curry dishes we're going to start
off with a nice big wide pan and I'm
gonna go in and right now it's on a
medium a medium heat I'm going to go in
with some olive oil and since the pan is
relatively warm already we're going to
go in with some onions as well as some
garlic and all of the ingredients we use
here today will be mentioned value
description of the video as well as you
can also check out Caribbean pot comm
for this recipe we'll turn my heat down
to low now hold that around and the
reason why you want it on low is because
you want to bring up a lot of the flavor
from that onion and garlic so you have a
nice rich curry base but without burning
it so nice and slow let that go for
about three minutes next up we're going
to go in with some lovely curry powder
that's not the way para my desert how
come you're doing it like that well you
know what grandma usually makes what
she's called a slurry so she would mix
up curry powder and water and then toss
it in here what we're doing here is
we're just going to toast this curry
again low heat when the garlic and onion
we want to toast all those spices that
make up the curry powder to really
release all those flavors next up we're
going to run with some fresh ground
black pepper
just to weaken up that black pepper as
well I've got some chopped up shadow
Benny here
if you can get shot of any by the way if
you go to the Hispanic as well as the
Asian grocery stores it may be called
cue lunch or not cilantro but culantro
but cilantro is also a good substitute
that's gonna toast up as well and
indoors
some of that lovely scotch bonnet pepper
no seeds
I just want to awaken this up a little
bit no seeds because that seed is where
most of that heat is going to be that's
going to give that about half of a
minute
before we get going next up we're going
to go in with the the mussel and here's
the thing mussels is not something you'd
normally find being cooked in the
Caribbean and on a regular basis Shore
maybe people to defense your restaurants
and stuff you would get it there so this
here is pretty much my interpretation of
how we would do mussels if we were doing
mussels in the Caribbean I'm just going
to go ahead and really want to mix that
up turn your heat up to high now because
you want to bring that up to a high
temperature right away I'm going to go
in with a bit of sea salt one chopped up
tomato diced up finely
the coconut milk and what you could also
do is after you made that curry base you
can add the coconut milk to there so
that coconut milk will sort of combine
and cook down with that curry first but
I'm just doing things a little bit
different here and totally optional
ingredient I've got some good old carbs
some beer out of the Caribbean that's
going to go in there with some of that
move that around a little bit bring that
up to a boil mix oh that's scent from
that curry as well at that beer of your
eyes and you can mention Chris typically
you would find mussels being cooked with
garlic and white wine but this coconut
curry with a little bit of beer right
this is insanely bring that up to a boil
we're going to put that lid on there and
let that go for about anywhere from five
to eight minutes you're looking for all
those muscles to open up and then you're
good to do it's been about six minutes
they're all open up you're getting a
lovely rich curry sound good the coconut
carbon look into these that's pretty
much it what you're looking for is to
make sure they're all open notice how
they're all opened up here all that
lovely muscle meat is in there mmm final
step before turning the heat off add a
nice piece of lemon here just going to
cup it over my hands so any of the seeds
will go in there just to brighten this
up a little bit
some of that lemon juice in there
we're going to go in with some chopped
parsley turn your heat off and I mean to
see if that's it there you go guys
curry coconut well coconut curry mussels
we got some tots from India what do you
think it looks amazing and it looks like
something I would try but I'm still one
for my curry chicken the girl legacy
curry chicken what I like what am I
supposed to say about that but here we
go guys
coconut curry mussels with a little bit
of lager that little bit of beer um in
under 10 minutes you have a wonderful
dish here all you're gonna do and got
that nice juicy gravy down on the bottom
there bread coconut bread I mean it's
even got some hot Oh bread from Jamaica
you're good to go dip in there and dig
in my crisps a Caribbean pod calm we had
led today tell people by night bye guys
remember to subscribe to the channel and
check out Caribbean pop calm